Father, this is all the fault of the Yu family,
It is also obvious that they are sent online.
Father, there are things happening in his waist,
So he didn't say anything,
It's all a matter of conversation.
Your Majesty, this letter conveys,
That is the divine doctor's finger. This person is not in the right place.
I'm afraid the gods will reach their goal, so the three of them will be the same.
Father, I dote on everyone above and below you,
The Taoists avoided the way.
Now, Wang Yang has yet to finish replenishing his old age.
I am also willing to ask the five sects to avoid making decisions.
Please stay away and make an early decision.
Please stay away and make an early decision. His Majesty
The Theory of Choosing to Study
Void seedlings cannot be trusted
To avoid making mistakes in blessing
Second life thought
This is the account skeleton
Did you hear that I brought you the wrong person?
Who recognized him?
He heard you order me
I said there's nothing wrong
I didn’t say that it’s good to have no thoughts.
Long-term Taoist Law Master
how could it go wrong
His little mistake is
I don't want you but I want you
Makes you excited
I want you boldly
Not worth mentioning
Today is the account bone
Xi Hui made a mistake and became king Achen
I also learned some combat skills from my husband
Battle supplement attribute
You're a little stressed
It's only a matter of going in and getting Huang Ang for 20%
Propaganda Wang is a master of law
In fact, if you say no, then the city government will not
Is everything wrong?
Everything is done. See you next week in the Xie Mansion.